README.md, before:

<h4 align="center">

<a>![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=emonislive&abbreviated=true&label=Profile+Visited&color=blueviolet&style=for-the-badge)</a> 

</h4>





<!-- Profile Details -->
<div align="center">

<!-- <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=emonislive&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true"/> -->
<!-- <img align="center" src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=emonislive&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&date_format=M%20j%5B%2C%20Y%5D&currStreakLabel=FF0FF8&ring=EB0087&fire=EB0000" /> -->

  
  | <img align="center" src="https://denvercoder1-github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=emonislive&custom_title=&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true"/> | <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats-vijaypur.vercel.app?user=emonislive&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&date_format=M%20j%5B%2C%20Y%5D&currStreakLabel=FF0FF8&ring=EB0087&fire=EB0000" /> |
  | ------------- |  -------------- |

</div>

<!-- Quotes -->
<h4 align="center">
  
```
"I'll take a quiet life, a handshake of carbon monoxide."
- Radiohead
```
```
"Let the young man in his desperation go out and hunt.
If he kills the elephant, his poverty ends. If the elephant kills him, his poverty ends"
- Pete Edochie
```

</h4>

<div align="center">

  | <img src="https://denvercoder1-github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=emonislive&custom_title=&langs_count=8&layout=compact&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true"/> |
  | ------------- | 
  
  
</div>

<!-- </br>  -->

<!-- Problem Solving Profiles -->
<div align="center" >

<h3> Competitive Programming Summary </h3>

| <img alt="Codeforces" height="50px" width="200px" src="images/cf.png"/> | <img alt="CodeChef" height="50px" width="200px" src="images/cc.svg"/> | <img alt="LeetCode" height="50px" width="200px" src="images/lc.png"/> | <img alt="AtCoder" height="50px" width="220px" src="images/ac.png"/> | <img alt="Beecrowd" height="50px" width="200px" src="images/bc.png"/> |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  <p align="center"><a  href="https://codeforces.com/profile/emo.nnn" target="_blank">@emo.nnn</a></p> | <p align="center"><a href="https://www.codechef.com/users/emonn" target="_blank">@emonn</a></p>  | <p align="center"><a href="https://leetcode.com/u/emonn/">@emonn</a></p>  | <p align="center"><a href="https://atcoder.jp/users/emonnn" target="_blank">@emonnn</a></p>  | <p align="center"><a href="https://judge.beecrowd.com/en/profile/686375" target="_blank">@emonnn</a></p>  |
  
</div>

Commit message:

Update quote in README.md
Replaced a quote from Radiohead with a quote from Friedrich Nietzsche in the README.

README.md, after:

<h4 align="center">

<a>![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=emonislive&abbreviated=true&label=Profile+Visited&color=blueviolet&style=for-the-badge)</a> 

</h4>





<!-- Profile Details -->
<div align="center">

<!-- <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=emonislive&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true"/> -->
<!-- <img align="center" src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=emonislive&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&date_format=M%20j%5B%2C%20Y%5D&currStreakLabel=FF0FF8&ring=EB0087&fire=EB0000" /> -->

  
  | <img align="center" src="https://denvercoder1-github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=emonislive&custom_title=&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true"/> | <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats-vijaypur.vercel.app?user=emonislive&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&date_format=M%20j%5B%2C%20Y%5D&currStreakLabel=FF0FF8&ring=EB0087&fire=EB0000" /> |
  | ------------- |  -------------- |

</div>

<!-- Quotes -->
<h4 align="center">
  
```
"I know of no better life purpose than to perish in attempting the great and the impossible"
- Friedrich Nietzsche
```
```
"Let the young man in his desperation go out and hunt.
If he kills the elephant, his poverty ends. If the elephant kills him, his poverty ends"
- Pete Edochie
```

</h4>

<div align="center">

  | <img src="https://denvercoder1-github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=emonislive&custom_title=&langs_count=8&layout=compact&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true"/> |
  | ------------- | 
  
  
</div>

<!-- </br>  -->

<!-- Problem Solving Profiles -->
<div align="center" >

<h3> Competitive Programming Summary </h3>

| <img alt="Codeforces" height="50px" width="200px" src="images/cf.png"/> | <img alt="CodeChef" height="50px" width="200px" src="images/cc.svg"/> | <img alt="LeetCode" height="50px" width="200px" src="images/lc.png"/> | <img alt="AtCoder" height="50px" width="220px" src="images/ac.png"/> | <img alt="Beecrowd" height="50px" width="200px" src="images/bc.png"/> |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  <p align="center"><a  href="https://codeforces.com/profile/emo.nnn" target="_blank">@emo.nnn</a></p> | <p align="center"><a href="https://www.codechef.com/users/emonn" target="_blank">@emonn</a></p>  | <p align="center"><a href="https://leetcode.com/u/emonn/">@emonn</a></p>  | <p align="center"><a href="https://atcoder.jp/users/emonnn" target="_blank">@emonnn</a></p>  | <p align="center"><a href="https://judge.beecrowd.com/en/profile/686375" target="_blank">@emonnn</a></p>  |
  
</div>
